CONTENTS
--------

 - CONTENTS
 - REQUIREMENTS
 - BUILDING
 - INSTALLATION
 - BUILDING PACKAGES
 - NOTES


REQUIREMENTS
------------

   AstroAviBrowser needs the 'Qt4' and 'ffmpeg/libav' libraries (0.5 or higher)
In order to build AstroAviBrowser from sources, you will also need the develop-
pement versions of these libraries and 'cmake' (version 2.8.6 or higer). RPM,
Debian or sources tarballs can be build using 'cpak'.


BUILDING
--------

   AstroAviBrowser use cmake for building. Just create a new directory for
building files, go in this directory and use "cmake SOURCE_PATH". Then use
"make".

Example :

   gzip -d astroavibrowser_xxxxxx_src.tar.gz
   tar -xvfz astroavibrowser_xxxxxx_src.tar
   mkdir astroavibrowser-build
   cd astroavibrowser-build
   cmake ../astroavibrowser-code
   make


INSTALLATION
------------

   Once AstroAviBrowser builded, log as root, or use sudo, and type
"make install"

BUILDING PACKAGES
-----------------

   If you want to build binaries or source packages, we use 'cpak' once
AstroAviBrowser builded.

   For source package building :

      make package_source

   For binary package building :

      make package

   The binary package produced depends on the host's distribution. A
debian distribution will produce a '.deb' package. An rpm based
distribution will produce an '.rpm' package. In order to build packages
you will need the package builder helpers from your distribution.


NOTES
-----
 
 - The BMP output features just works on Little Endian architectures.

 - If you want to report a bug, ask for new features or submit a patch,
   just post a message on the project sourceforge support section :
   "sourceforge.net/projects/astroavibrowser/", or send me an email at
   thx8411@users.sourceforge.net

 - This version is just a draft. Objects are mixed, code is really dirty,
   not very stable, etc. The next version will give the same features, but
   code will be much cleaner.

 - Negatives high for raw DIB avi aren't handled very well by all video tools,
   thus you may encouter upside down pictures on video files.
